Clarify security model of Airflow (#61754)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-core/docs/security/security_model.rst

About Sensitive information
...........................

> Sensitive information consists of connection details, variables, and configuration. In Airflow 3 and later versions,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sensitive information consists of connection details, variables, and configuration. In versions later than Airflow 3.0
```

> sensitive information will not be exposed to users via API, UI, ``airflowctl``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sensitive information will not be exposed to users via API, UI, and ``airflowctl``.
```

of Local Executor, Task Kubernetes POD in case of Kubernetes Executor), in the Dag Processor
and in the Triggerer.

Dag authors are responsible for the code they write and submit to Airflow, and they should be trusted to

> verify that what they implement is a safe code that will not cause any harm to the Airflow installation and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
verify that what they implement is safe code that will not cause any harm to the Airflow installation and
```

will not open way for security vulnerabilities. Since Dag Authors are writing Python code, they can easily write
code that will access sensitive information stored in Airflow or send it outside - but also to open up new
security vulnerabilities. Good example is writing a code that will pass non-sanitized UI user input (such as parameter,
variables, connection configuration) to any code in Operators and Hooks, or third party libraries without properly

> sanitizing it first. This can lead to Remote Code Execution, Denial of Service vulnerabilities or similar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sanitizing it first. This can open up windows for Remote Code Execution, Denial of Service vulnerabilities or similar.
```

Dag authors should be trusted not to write such code and to verify that the code they write is safe and does
not open new security vulnerabilities.

Limiting Dag Author access to subset of Dags
--------------------------------------------

Airflow does not have multi-tenancy or multi-team features to provide isolation between different groups of users when

> it comes to task execution. While in Airflow 3.0 and later, Dag Authors cannot directly access database and cannot run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it comes to task execution. While, in Airflow 3.0 and later, Dag Authors cannot directly access database and cannot run
```

arbitrary queries on the database, they still have access to all Dags in the Airflow installation and they can

> modify any of those Dags - no matter which Dag the task code is executed for. This means that Dag author can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
modify any of those Dags - no matter which Dag the task code is executed for. This means that Dag authors can
```
